hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is the digi mix - it's a $200 smartphone
and the company hit me up a couple
months ago and they're like hey do you
want to check out our new phone I went
on the website the pix look good the
spec list looked awesome we're looking
at things like six gigs of ram a big
AMOLED screen use PC charging expandable
storage so on paper there's a lot of
good things going for it and it's built
well it's not gonna win any awards or
anything for design but it is built well
and it feels solid it's a little bit
heavier and thicker than a lot of phones
in that $200 price point but I like the
way that it feels in your hand now they
include a bunch of accessories which I
guess is the norm for inexpensive phones
like this you get a case two screen
protectors and a USB c2 headphone
adapter okay let's talk about the actual
usage of the phone the fingerprint
sounds what they have is not bad it's
pretty quick obviously not the quickest
one out there but they also include a
feature that gives you face unlock and
this face unlock is terrible I don't
know why it's so bad but even in ideal
lighting conditions it would often fail
and we're talking like 30 percent
failure rate and I tried setting it up
multiple times so I wasn't expecting
like face ID from the iPhone I wasn't
expecting that but I thought I should at
least work most of the time but it
doesn't I wouldn't rely on that I
wouldn't buy this phone for face unlock
features let's talk about the CPU it's a
reasonably fast processor bumps out
decent benchmarks no obviously it's
slower than the big flagships out there
but the overall performance is good
playing games multitasking it feels fast
I mean with 6 gigs of RAM it's gonna be
nice but I'm not super impressed not
that it's not good it's just that
there's so many cheap phones right now
that are just as fast as this so it
doesn't really stick out as being an
amazing performer or anything like that
but it's good the screen is awesome I'm
really impressed by it
it's an AMOLED panel 5.99 inches so
basically 6 inches it's big it's bright
it's colorful it's one of the best if
not the best screen I've seen at this
$200 price point that being said I feel
like you need to give some kind of
disclaimer or warning if you go on the
website the renders make it look like
this completely bezel this phone I mean
look at this thing what are they doing
they're using these white highlights or
these reflections to disguise what the
actual screen edge looks like those
images are so heavily enhanced that when
it got this thing and I pulled it out of
the box I thought they'd sent me the
wrong one
this looks nothing like what the images
on the website looked like so be aware
that it's still a decent looking phone
but the renders are lies
okay the battery life is good it's a
four thousand sixty milliamp hour
battery it's bigger than a lot of other
phones but the battery life is just good
it's not amazing or anything and this
thing does not support quick charging of
any sort so it's a full three hours
actually a little bit more to charge
this thing up from zero to full which is
a long time the speakers on the bottom
it's a mono speaker and it doesn't sound
particularly good and there's also no
headphone jack but there's three really
big things about this phone that bugged
me a lot the first one is the camera I
was expecting a pretty crappy camera
because it's a $200 phone and the doogee
makes one had a pretty bad camera this
one is well didn't disappoint it's a bad
camera the daylight photos are okay you
need to have a really steady hand though
because there's no image stabilization
but the low-light photos are basically
unusable we saw stuff like this in the
digi mix one and they haven't really
changed all that much but the thing went
fun really weird is that there's two
cameras on the back but the second one
isn't used for a telephoto or monochrome
or anything that I could find I'm not
too sure what the second camera is here
for I hope to hell that's not some kind
of dummy camera but regardless image
quality is not good on either of the
cameras in the front or the back well
the front camera has a wide angle which
is kind of neat like if you're into wide
angled selfies but again image quality
is not great the other thing that really
bugs me about this thing is call quality
and that's something that's pretty
important for any kind of phone it's
just not good call quality just bad
speaker quality bad speaker volume it's
not great but the thing that kills me
the most about this phone is the Wi-Fi
signal so it doesn't matter how good
everything else on a phone is if it
doesn't have a good Wi-Fi connection
it's just crap because I think a lot of
people at this price point are using
Wi-Fi connections on these phones and it
is bad you need to be right beside the
router to be able to get any kind of
solid signal if I'm like 15 20 feet away
from my router I'm already starting to
see signal loss and that's just bad
regardless of the price point of this
phone so here's the deal this phone has
one really impressive feature it's the
screen it's a really really nice looking
screen if that's all you care about then
sure go for this but I think for most
people there's better ways to spend $200
on a phone
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs be liked it subs you loved it
see you guys next time you know what
I'll put some suggestions for other
phones that have tested out and reviews
for them but other phones that have
tested out in this price range I think
are a better pick up okay
I'll link those below